DSIII_Low_Death.md, before:

# Dark Souls III - Low Death run

This is my current strategy for finishing the game with as few deaths as possible, hopefully even 0 deaths soon.

The general strategy is to use a Raw weapon for most of the run, as it does decent damage and we can then concentrate on levelling up Vigour to give us a lot of HP. Later in the run the damage isn't as good, so we switch to a Luck/Bleed build using Anri's Straight Sword.

## Character Creation

- Start as *Warrior*.
- Choose the *Life Ring*.

## Phase I - Preparation

This phase takes around an hour, and can be a little scary at times. If you die in this phase you need to reset the run which can be frustrating, particularly near the end. If you survive it though you'll have a +4 weapon and a lot of HP so the next few stages should be easy.

- Grab the soul item off to the right near the start.
- Grab the *Ashen estus flask*.
- Make the jump over by the tree and grab the *Titanite Shard*.
- Drop down, killing the crossbow guy and get the *Firebombs*.
- Kill all the mobs around there.
- Kill Iudex Gundyr.
- Unequip the *Ashen estus flask*, and all the items on your fast-menu whilst waiting for the door to open.
- Kill all the mobs outside *Firelink Shrine*, but leave *Sword Master* well alone.
- Grab the other *Homeward Bone* and *Embers* around the outside of the shrine, and the *East-West Shield*.
- Go immediately to the right, up the stairs and outside, grabbing the soul item there. Don't do the tree skip yet, we'll do it later.
- Go back down inside the shrine, talk to *Andre* and allot all your estus to be healing.
- Go to the *Shrine Handmaiden* and sell all the soul items and the *East-West Shield*.
- Talk to the *Firekeeper* and level up *Dexterity* to 10 and *FAI* to 12.
- You should have at least 810 souls at this point, if not sell a *Homeward Bone* or an *Ember* then buy the following items:
    - 1 x *Prism Stone*
    - 1 x *Large Leather Shield*
- Embed the coil and warp to the *High Wall of Lothric*

### High Wall of Lothric

- Light the bonfire, and run down the stairs, taking the slightly raised path on the left. Grab the soul item there.
- Keep running, then go up the stairs on the left, loop around the dead dragon and drop down by a small tower. Grab the *Gold Pine Resin*.
- Drop down the hole, landing on the platform on the way down to avoid fall damage. Head out the door then run up the stairs past the mobs, and straight ahead through the door.
- Jump over to the other side, go through the door, stay on the raised path on the left and kill the mob there.
- Grab the soul item, then dodge the Lothric Knight and run up to, and then past, the *Tower on the Wall* bonfire.
- Grab the *Titanite Shard* there and go back to the bonfire, light it and rest at it if necessary.
- Go back downstairs, and drop down to the lower level. Head outside, and rush the mob who changes to a Pus of Man, killing them before they turn (takes two hits).
- Kill the *Crystal Lizard* for a *Raw Gem* and grab the soul item there. Also grab the *Firebombs* on the roof too.
- Drop down to the next level, and grab the *Black Firebombs*.
- Backtrack slightly in to the building you were on top of, and head to the left. Kill the crossbowman at the top of the stairs, then turn around and kill the lantern wielder behind you. Move in to the next room killing the bandit on the left and grab the *Titanite Shard*. Go back down the stairs, smash the pots and kill the mob behind them, and grab the *Undead Hunter Charm*.
- Dodge past the Lothric Knight with the spear, and head in to the corridor. Immediately roll to the right and smash through the barrels.
- **[Potential Danger]** Run to the end of this platform, grab the *Green Blossoms*, and roll through yet more barrels. Drop down again, and grab then equip the *Astora Straight Sword*.
- Heal if necessary, then run and jump through the gap in the fence, rolling when you hit the ground and grab the *Estus Shard*. Keep rolling outside, then through the barrels and drop down. Run through the courtyard, and kill the crossbowman on the right, turn around and kill the other mob. Grab the soul item there and make your way to the Cathedral, talking to *Emma* and getting the *Small Lothric Banner*.
- Backtrack to where the crossbowman was, run straight ahead and take the lift up. Grab the *Throwing Knives* at the top, open the gate and run back to the *High wall of Lothric* bonfire. Kill any dogs that follow you up there, then warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Run up and out, and do the Tree skip
- Drop the following for the crows:
    - 1 x *Firebomb*
    - 1 x *Black Firebomb*
    - 1 x *Prism Stone*
    - 1 x *Large Leather Shield*
- This will give you:
    - 1 x *Large Titanite Shard*
    - 1 x *Titanite Chunk*
    - 2 x *Twinkling Titanite*
- Grab the *Estus Shard*.
- Go through the illusory wall and get, then equip the *Silver Serpent Ring*
- Sell all your soul items to the *Shrine Handmaiden*.
- Make your way to *Andre*, infuse the sword with the *Raw Gem* and upgrade it to *Raw Astora Sword +1*. Also reinforce estus twice.
- Level up *Vigour* with any remaining souls, there might not be enough at this time.
- Warp back to *High Wall of Lothric*.
- Use the short cut and go and kill *Vordt of the Boreal Valley* using a *Gold Pine Resin* buff. Should be easy.
- Rest at the bonfire after killing him, then fly to the *Foot of the Wall*.

### Undead Settlement

- Grab the soul item right near the start, to the left.
- Get the *Alluring Skulls*, *Homeward Bones* and talk to *Yoel of Londor* until he disappears.
- Get *Loretta's Bone*, then grab the *Estus Shard* behind the evangelist, run to the left and grab the *Titanite Shard*. Now run by the cliff edge and go over the bridge.
- Grab the soul item in the stables after killing the mobs. Kill the thief that drops down (should take three hits) and open the door.
- Bait the firebomb throwers in to blowing up the barrels, then drop down. Kill the mobs down there and grab the *Titanite Shard* before doubling back and lighting the *Cliff Underside* bonfire.
- **[Potential Danger]** Go around towards the small bridge, and wait for the mobs to disperse. Run across it, and dodge the pot throwers. Keep running until you bump in to *Siegward of Catarina*. **Make sure you talk to Siegward!**
- Send the lift down, then take it up and make friends with the giant, before going back down, then sending it up, and taking it down to the bottom.
- Run past the Outrider Knight, open the door and rest at the *Road of Sacrifices* bonfire.

### Road of Sacrifices

- Run through, killing the Corvians, and grabbing the *Titanite Shard*.
- Drop down before the last bridge. Don't need any of the items there but it's an easier path.
- Run down to the *Halfway Fortress* bonfire, chat to *Anri* and *Horace*.
- Kill the first two mobs with the tree stumps and drop down to the left to find another *Titanite Shard*. Drop down again near here for yet another *Titanite Shard*.
- Go around the left hand edge of the area, carefully killing the four mobs. Drop down for an *Estus Shard*.
- **[Potential Danger]** Kill the crucified mob and head to the *Crucifixion Woods* bonfire, grabbing the soul item on the way.
- **[Potential Danger]** Go to the edge of the water, drop down when it's low and run to the other side, grabbing the *Fallen Knight* set. Carefully run past the gank squad, down the ladder and light the *Farron Keep* bonfire.

### Farron Keep

- Go out and to the left slightly, don't sprint until near the swamp edge to minimise poison risk.
- Grab the *Estus Shard*, and just after it a *Titanite Shard*.
- Go up the hill carefully, there are two ghrus at the top. Kill them and extinguish the flame.
- **[Potential Danger]** Kill the jumping ghru. Grab the *Titanite Shard* near him, and the other *Titanite Shard* on the way up the hill.
- Kill the ghru at the top of the stairs, and grab the *Purple Moss Clump* before extinguishing the flame.
- Run to the *Keep Ruins* bonfire and rest.
- Loop around to the right under the ramp for a *Titanite Shard*.
- Go down the ramp and grab the *Undead Bone Shard* near the slugs, then go up the ladder. Go around the side of the building and kill the Crystal Lizard for a *Twinkling Titanite*. Go through the illusory wall to get the *Dreamchaser's Ashes*.
- Take the lift up, but don't fight the Stray Demon. Instead go the other way, drop down and go around the side, killing the two Crystal Lizards there for two *Large Titanite Shards*. Also get the *Dragoncrest Shield* and start using it.
- Take the lift back down, rest at the *Old Wolf of Farron* bonfire and warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Give the *Dreamchaser's Ashes* to the *Shrine Handmaiden* and sell her all your soul items.
- Go to *Andre* and upgrade your sword to *Raw Astora Sword +4*. Also use the three *Estus Shards* to reinforce your estus.
- Go to the *Firekeeper* and level up *Vigour* as much as you can.
- Go to *Yoel of Londor* and choose the *Draw Out True Strength* option, also levelling up *Vigour*.
- Burn the *Undead Bone Shard* that you have.

### Point of no return

Once we've got the *Dark Sigil* from *Yoel of Londor* we will gain one Hollowing with each death. As we now have a working death counter, this is the point at which we don't need to reset on death, although a death now would be disappointing.

## Phase II: Easy mode

This phase is pretty easy as you're quite OP by this point, but there are a couple of points that can be quite tricky. I'm not sure of the timings of this phase, I'll try to remember to make a note of it next time.

- Warp to *Tower on the High Wall*.
- Empty the room where we got our sword of mobs, and get the *Cell Key*.
- Use the key to rescue *Greirat* and warp back to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Talk to *Sirris of the Sunset Realm*.
- Talk to *Greirat* and give him *Loretta's Bone*.
- Go back to the bonfire and warp to *Firelink Shrine*. This sounds odd as we are already here, but it will reload the area.
- Talk to *Greirat* again, he'll give you the *Curl Up* gesture.
- Warp to *Cliffside Underside*.
- Go down to where the rats are and light the *Dilapidated Bridge* bonfire. Also equip the *Bloodbite Ring*.
- Kill *Holy Knight Hodrick*.
- Go through the graveyard, pick up the *Mortician's Ashes* and *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Open the short cut gate, then kill the *Curse-rotted Greatwood*.
- Warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Talk to *Greirat*, he'll offer to go looting. Accept his offer.
- Warp to *Firelink Shrine* again to reset, check that *Greirat* has gone.
- Sell all your soul items, including boss souls. Give the *Mortician's Ashes* to the handmaiden.
- Buy a *Dagger* and a *Torch*.
- Level up *Vigour* as much as you can.
- Burn the *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Warp to *Crucifixion Woods*.
- Kill the *Crystal Sage*. No buffs required.
- Kill the two crystal lizards after that for two *Twinkling Titanites*.
- Run to the *Cathedral of the Deep* bonfire.

### Cathedral of the Deep

- Kill the two bandits and get the *Paladin's Ashes*.
- Run to the *Cleansing Chapel* bonfire.
- Kill the mobs by the cross and get the *Estus Shard*.
- Equip the *Torch* ready to use, and go around the side of the cathedral. Kill two crystal lizards for two *Twinkling Titanites*.
- Rest if necessary.
- Run through the graveyard, dropping down to the right after a bit, then run past the slow mobs and take out the Grave Warden.
- Get the *Undead Bone Shard* and soul items.
- Equip the *Alluring Skulls* and use one near the small room that the thieves jump out of.
- Open the short cut down to the *Cleansing Chapel* and rest.
- Equip the *Dagger* in place of the *Torch*.
- Go back up, drop down and kill the giant, collecting the *Large Titanite Shard* he drops, and the *Maiden* set.
- Kill the mob, and then *Longfinger Kirk*, and then the other giant, getting yet another *Large Titanite Shard*.
- Go back around and grab *Lloyd's Sword Ring*. It's easier with the giant dead.
- Open the final short cut, and kill *Patches*. This saves a lot of souls and quite a bit of trouble.
- Go over the bridge and light the *Rosaria's Bedchamber* bonfire. Warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Go to *Andre* and reinforce estus.
- Sell all your soul items. Give the handmaiden the *Paladin's Ashes* and *Patches' Ashes*.
- Buy the *Short Bow* and 60 *Standard Arrows* from Greirat.
- Level *Dexterity* to 12, then level up *Vigour*. If it's hit 40, stop levelling it and do *Endurance* instead.
- Burn the *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Warp to the *High Wall of Lothric* bonfire.
- Shoot the dragon with arrows until he flies away and drops you a *Large Titanite Shard*.
- Grab the soul items and warp back to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Sell the soul items and upgrade the sword to *Raw Astora Sword +5*.
- Buy some *Alluring Skulls* if you have change.
- Warp to *Cleansing Chapel*.
- Rescue *Siegward* from the Well, then warp to *Rosaria's Chamber*.
- Kill the *Deacons of the Deep*. Fight as normal in the first phase, in the second buff with a *Gold Pine Resin* then throw an *Alluring Skull* and kill the main dude when the others are distracted.
- Grab the *Archdeacon set*.
- Warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Sell the Deacon's soul
- Buy a *Gold Pine Resin*.
- Level *Vigour* if less than 40, else level *Endurance*
- Warp to *Farron Keep*.
- Put on the best curse resist gear.
- Use the quickstep from the dagger to get past the basilisks and run up the ramp, killing the jumping ghru.
- Extinguish the last flame, cure your poison, kill *Yellowfinger Heysel* and homeward bone back to *Farron Keep*.
- Warp to *Keep Ruins*, then run to *Farron Keep Perimeter* and light it.
- Kill the *Abyss Watchers* using the *Gold Pine Resin*.

### Catacombs of Carthus

- Grab the 2 x *Carthus Rouge*.
- Head back the other way and drop down.
- Kill the hat-wearing skeleton and pick up the *Undead Bone Shard* the ball of skeletons drops.
- Run to the bonfire and light it. Don't rest if you don't have to.
- Grab the *Grave Warden Ashes*.
- Cut down the bridge, and go down it.
- Run to the *Abandoned Tomb* bonfire, light it and rest.
- Pick up the three *Large Titanite Shards* then go in to the cave.
- Kill the two crystal lizards for a *Twinkling Titanite* and a *Titanite Chunk*, grab the two *Large Titanite Shards* and the *Yellow Bug Pellets*.
- Run to the *Demon Ruins* bonfire, picking up the *Shield of Want*, *Speckled Stoneplate Ring* and a *Large Titanite Shard* on the way.
- Warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Sell all soul items, including boss souls.
- Hand in the *Grave Warden Ashes*.
- Buy a *Gold Pine Resin*.
- Upgrade your sword to *Raw Astora Sword +7*.
- Level up *Vigour* if less than 40 or if *Endurance* has hit 30, otherwise level *Endurance*.
- Warp to *Catacombs of Carthus*.
- Kill *High Lord Wolnir* with a *Gold Pine Resin*.

### Irithyll of the Boreal Valley

- Kill Sulyvahn's Beast (carefully) and rest at the bonfire.
- Warp back to the *Irithyll of the Boreal Valley* bonfire, and do Sirris' quest.
- Warp to Firelink Shrine and get the *Silvercat Ring* and warp back.
- **[Potential Danger]** Run to the *Church of Yorshka* bonfire.
- Backtrack slowly to kill the Crystal Lizard for a *Twinkling Titanite*.
- Kill Creighton.
- Get the *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Get the *Twinkling Titanite* behind the illusory wall.
- Go to the *Distant Manor* bonfire
- Grab the ashes, Talk to *Siegward of Catarina*.
- Backtrack to the bonfire
- Run through Irithyll Dungeon, grabbing the *Xanthous Ashes* on the way, and using an *Undead Hunter Charm* on the mimic for an *Estus Shard*.
- Run to *Profaned Capital*, light the bonfire and grab the *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Run to Yhorm, grab storm ruler and homeward out.
- Kill Yhorm. Warp to Firelink.
- Buy a couple of *Human Pine Resins*.
- Level up as usual.
- Burn the *Undead Bone Shard*, upgrade the estus.
- Make sure you have ~20 Firebombs.
- **Talk to Anri!**

## Phase III: Getting tougher

This phase has some tougher bosses in. It's also where we switch to a luck based build for a better AR and bleed stats.

- Warp to *Vordt of the Boreal Valley* bonfire.
- Start the Dancer fight, homeward out, then restart the fight. I just seem to handle it better that way. Use a *Human Pine Resin* for extra damage.
- Run to the *Lothric Castle* bonfire, (*Alluring Skulls* help here) and light it.
- Drop down, kill the big knight and get the *Estus Shard* in the Consumed King's Garden. Homeward out.
- Run to the *Dragon Barracks* bonfire.
- Warp back to Firelink Shrine and level up.
- Warp back to Dragon Barracks, run over the bridge and drop down on the opposite side for the *Undead Bone Shard*. Run back to the bonfire, past the thieves, and grab the soul item on the way.
- Run round the other side, up the stairs, open the short cut and kill the dragon with firebombs.
- Run out the back, kill a crystal lizard for two *Twinkling Titanites*.
- Warp to *Profaned Capital*, rescue Siegward for a *Titanite Slab*, killing the two crystal lizards on the way for another two *Twinkling Titanites*. Homeward out
- Warp to *Abyss Watchers*, drop down on the right, kill the hat-wearing skeleton so we can go safely up the stairs.
- Kill *Anri* and the crystal lizard outside where they are for another *Twinkling Titanite*. Homeward to Firelink.
- Upgrade *Anri's Straight Sword* fully.
- Make sure you have a *Gold Pine Resin* and a *Blue Bug Pellet*.
- Warp to *Rosaria's Chamber*, join the covenant and reallocate stats to  *Vigour*: 40, *Dexterity*: 11, *Luck*: 30 and the rest in *Endurance*.
- _Optional_: Kill *Old Demon King*. You should get enough souls for one or two levels.

## Phase III: Final Push

This phase is a boss rush, with a bit of levelling up. We have all the items we need though so we don't need to worry about that.

- Kill Pontiff with parries and a *Gold Pine Resin*.
- Kill Aldrich with magic resistant gear, a *Blue Bug Pellet*, and some *Carthus Rouge*.
- Level up *Luck*.
- Kill Dragonslayer Armour using the Drang set, and a *Yellow Bug Pellet*.
- Use a *Carthus Rouge* to kill the second Crystal Sage.
- Grab the *Undead Bone Shard* near the top of the archives.
- Open the short cut, trigger the *Twin Princes* fight and homeward out.
- Level up *Luck* to 40 then level *Endurance*.
- Stay near the fog wall, buff with *Carthus Rouge* and take out the *Twin Princes*.
- Kill Soul of Cinder with a *Carthus Rouge* in the first phase, *Human Pine Resin* in the second.

## THE END!

Commit message:

Added some timings, and a couple of encounters

DSIII_Low_Death.md, after:

# Dark Souls III - Low Death run

This is my current strategy for finishing the game with as few deaths as possible, hopefully even 0 deaths soon.

The general strategy is to use a Raw weapon for most of the run, as it does decent damage and we can then concentrate on levelling up Vigour to give us a lot of HP. Later in the run the damage isn't as good, so we switch to a Luck/Bleed build using Anri's Straight Sword.

## Character Creation

- Start as *Warrior*.
- Choose the *Life Ring*.

## Phase I - Preparation

This phase takes around 45 minutes, and can be a little scary at times. If you die in this phase you need to reset the run which can be frustrating, particularly near the end. If you survive it though you'll have a +4 weapon and a lot of HP so the next few stages should be easy.

- Grab the soul item off to the right near the start.
- Grab the *Ashen estus flask*.
- Make the jump over by the tree and grab the *Titanite Shard*.
- Drop down, killing the crossbow guy and get the *Firebombs*.
- Kill all the mobs around there.
- Kill Iudex Gundyr.
- Unequip the *Ashen estus flask*, and all the items on your fast-menu whilst waiting for the door to open.
- Kill all the mobs outside *Firelink Shrine*, but leave *Sword Master* well alone.
- Grab the other *Homeward Bone* and *Embers* around the outside of the shrine, and the *East-West Shield*.
- Go immediately to the right, up the stairs and outside, grabbing the soul item there. Don't do the tree skip yet, we'll do it later.
- Go back down inside the shrine, talk to *Andre* and allot all your estus to be healing.
- Go to the *Shrine Handmaiden* and sell all the soul items and the *East-West Shield*.
- Talk to the *Firekeeper* and level up *Dexterity* to 10 and *FAI* to 12.
- You should have at least 810 souls at this point, if not sell a *Homeward Bone* or an *Ember* then buy the following items:
    - 1 x *Prism Stone*
    - 1 x *Large Leather Shield*
- Embed the coil and warp to the *High Wall of Lothric*

### High Wall of Lothric

- Light the bonfire, and run down the stairs, taking the slightly raised path on the left. Grab the soul item there.
- Keep running, then go up the stairs on the left, loop around the dead dragon and drop down by a small tower. Grab the *Gold Pine Resin*.
- Drop down the hole, landing on the platform on the way down to avoid fall damage. Head out the door then run up the stairs past the mobs, and straight ahead through the door.
- Jump over to the other side, go through the door, stay on the raised path on the left and kill the mob there.
- Grab the soul item, then dodge the Lothric Knight and run up to, and then past, the *Tower on the Wall* bonfire.
- Grab the *Titanite Shard* there and go back to the bonfire, light it and rest at it if necessary.
- Go back downstairs, and drop down to the lower level. Head outside, and rush the mob who changes to a Pus of Man, killing them before they turn (takes two hits).
- Kill the *Crystal Lizard* for a *Raw Gem* and grab the soul item there. Also grab the *Firebombs* on the roof too.
- Drop down to the next level, and grab the *Black Firebombs*.
- Backtrack slightly in to the building you were on top of, and head to the left. Kill the crossbowman at the top of the stairs, then turn around and kill the lantern wielder behind you. Move in to the next room killing the bandit on the left and grab the *Titanite Shard*. Go back down the stairs, smash the pots and kill the mob behind them, and grab the *Undead Hunter Charm*.
- Dodge past the Lothric Knight with the spear, and head in to the corridor. Immediately roll to the right and smash through the barrels.
- **[Potential Danger]** Run to the end of this platform, grab the *Green Blossoms*, and roll through yet more barrels. Drop down again, and grab then equip the *Astora Straight Sword*.
- Heal if necessary, then run and jump through the gap in the fence, rolling when you hit the ground and grab the *Estus Shard*. Keep rolling outside, then through the barrels and drop down. Run through the courtyard, and kill the crossbowman on the right, turn around and kill the other mob. Grab the soul item there and make your way to the Cathedral, talking to *Emma* and getting the *Small Lothric Banner*.
- Backtrack to where the crossbowman was, run straight ahead and take the lift up. Grab the *Throwing Knives* at the top, open the gate and run back to the *High wall of Lothric* bonfire. Kill any dogs that follow you up there, then warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Run up and out, and do the Tree skip
- Drop the following for the crows:
    - 1 x *Firebomb*
    - 1 x *Black Firebomb*
    - 1 x *Prism Stone*
    - 1 x *Large Leather Shield*
- This will give you:
    - 1 x *Large Titanite Shard*
    - 1 x *Titanite Chunk*
    - 2 x *Twinkling Titanite*
- Grab the *Estus Shard*.
- Go through the illusory wall and get, then equip the *Silver Serpent Ring*
- Sell all your soul items to the *Shrine Handmaiden*.
- Make your way to *Andre*, infuse the sword with the *Raw Gem* and upgrade it to *Raw Astora Sword +1*. Also reinforce estus twice.
- Level up *Vigour* with any remaining souls, there might not be enough at this time.
- Warp back to *High Wall of Lothric*.
- Use the short cut and go and kill *Vordt of the Boreal Valley* using a *Gold Pine Resin* buff. Should be easy.
- Rest at the bonfire after killing him, then fly to the *Foot of the Wall*.

### Undead Settlement

- Grab the soul item right near the start, to the left.
- Get the *Alluring Skulls*, *Homeward Bones* and talk to *Yoel of Londor* until he disappears.
- Get *Loretta's Bone*, then grab the *Estus Shard* behind the evangelist, run to the left and grab the *Titanite Shard*. Now run by the cliff edge and go over the bridge.
- Grab the soul item in the stables after killing the mobs. Kill the thief that drops down (should take three hits) and open the door.
- Bait the firebomb throwers in to blowing up the barrels, then drop down. Kill the mobs down there and grab the *Titanite Shard* before doubling back and lighting the *Cliff Underside* bonfire.
- **[Potential Danger]** Go around towards the small bridge, and wait for the mobs to disperse. Run across it, and dodge the pot throwers. Keep running until you bump in to *Siegward of Catarina*. **Make sure you talk to Siegward!**
- Send the lift down, then take it up and make friends with the giant, before going back down, then sending it up, and taking it down to the bottom.
- Run past the Outrider Knight, open the door and rest at the *Road of Sacrifices* bonfire.

### Road of Sacrifices

- Run through, killing the Corvians, and grabbing the *Titanite Shard*.
- Drop down before the last bridge. Don't need any of the items there but it's an easier path.
- Run down to the *Halfway Fortress* bonfire, chat to *Anri* and *Horace*.
- Kill the first two mobs with the tree stumps and drop down to the left to find another *Titanite Shard*. Drop down again near here for yet another *Titanite Shard*.
- Go around the left hand edge of the area, carefully killing the four mobs. Drop down for an *Estus Shard*.
- **[Potential Danger]** Kill the crucified mob and head to the *Crucifixion Woods* bonfire, grabbing the soul item on the way.
- **[Potential Danger]** Go to the edge of the water, drop down when it's low and run to the other side, grabbing the *Fallen Knight* set. Carefully run past the gank squad, down the ladder and light the *Farron Keep* bonfire.

### Farron Keep

- Go out and to the left slightly, don't sprint until near the swamp edge to minimise poison risk.
- Grab the *Estus Shard*, and just after it a *Titanite Shard*.
- Go up the hill carefully, there are two ghrus at the top. Kill them and extinguish the flame.
- **[Potential Danger]** Kill the jumping ghru. Grab the *Titanite Shard* near him, and the other *Titanite Shard* on the way up the hill.
- Kill the ghru at the top of the stairs, and grab the *Purple Moss Clump* before extinguishing the flame.
- Run to the *Keep Ruins* bonfire and rest.
- Loop around to the right under the ramp for a *Titanite Shard*.
- Go down the ramp and grab the *Undead Bone Shard* near the slugs, then go up the ladder. Go around the side of the building and kill the Crystal Lizard for a *Twinkling Titanite*. Go through the illusory wall to get the *Dreamchaser's Ashes*.
- Take the lift up, but don't fight the Stray Demon. Instead go the other way, drop down and go around the side, killing the two Crystal Lizards there for two *Large Titanite Shards*. Also get the *Dragoncrest Shield* and start using it.
- Take the lift back down, rest at the *Old Wolf of Farron* bonfire and warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Give the *Dreamchaser's Ashes* to the *Shrine Handmaiden* and sell her all your soul items.
- Go to *Andre* and upgrade your sword to *Raw Astora Sword +4*. Also use the three *Estus Shards* to reinforce your estus.
- Go to the *Firekeeper* and level up *Vigour* as much as you can.
- Go to *Yoel of Londor* and choose the *Draw Out True Strength* option, also levelling up *Vigour*.
- Burn the *Undead Bone Shard* that you have.

### Point of no return

Once we've got the *Dark Sigil* from *Yoel of Londor* we will gain one Hollowing with each death. As we now have a working death counter, this is the point at which we don't need to reset on death, although a death now would be disappointing.

## Phase II: Easy mode

This phase is pretty easy as you're quite OP by this point, but there are a couple of points that can be quite tricky. It generally takes me around an hour and 45 minutes.

- Warp to *Tower on the High Wall*.
- Empty the room where we got our sword of mobs, and get the *Cell Key*.
- Use the key to rescue *Greirat* and warp back to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Talk to *Sirris of the Sunset Realm*.
- Talk to *Greirat* and give him *Loretta's Bone*.
- Go back to the bonfire and warp to *Firelink Shrine*. This sounds odd as we are already here, but it will reload the area.
- Talk to *Greirat* again, he'll give you the *Curl Up* gesture.
- Warp to *Cliffside Underside*.
- Go down to where the rats are and light the *Dilapidated Bridge* bonfire. Also equip the *Bloodbite Ring*.
- Kill *Holy Knight Hodrick*.
- Go through the graveyard, pick up the *Mortician's Ashes* and *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Open the short cut gate, then kill the *Curse-rotted Greatwood*.
- Warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Talk to *Greirat*, he'll offer to go looting. Accept his offer.
- Warp to *Firelink Shrine* again to reset, check that *Greirat* has gone.
- Sell all your soul items, including boss souls. Give the *Mortician's Ashes* to the handmaiden.
- Buy a *Dagger* and a *Torch*.
- Level up *Vigour* as much as you can.
- Burn the *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Warp to *Crucifixion Woods*.
- Kill the *Crystal Sage*. No buffs required.
- Kill the two crystal lizards after that for two *Twinkling Titanites*.
- Run to the *Cathedral of the Deep* bonfire.

### Cathedral of the Deep

- Kill the two bandits and get the *Paladin's Ashes*.
- Run to the *Cleansing Chapel* bonfire.
- Kill the mobs by the cross and get the *Estus Shard*.
- Equip the *Torch* ready to use, and go around the side of the cathedral. Kill two crystal lizards for two *Twinkling Titanites*.
- Rest if necessary.
- Run through the graveyard, dropping down to the right after a bit, then run past the slow mobs and take out the Grave Warden.
- Get the *Undead Bone Shard* and soul items.
- Equip the *Alluring Skulls* and use one near the small room that the thieves jump out of.
- Open the short cut down to the *Cleansing Chapel* and rest.
- Equip the *Dagger* in place of the *Torch*.
- Go back up, drop down and kill the giant, collecting the *Large Titanite Shard* he drops, and the *Maiden* set.
- Kill the mob, and then *Longfinger Kirk*, and then the other giant, getting yet another *Large Titanite Shard*.
- Go back around and grab *Lloyd's Sword Ring*. It's easier with the giant dead.
- Open the final short cut, and kill *Patches*. This saves a lot of souls and quite a bit of trouble.
- Go over the bridge and light the *Rosaria's Bedchamber* bonfire. Warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Go to *Andre* and reinforce estus.
- Sell all your soul items. Give the handmaiden the *Paladin's Ashes* and *Patches' Ashes*.
- Buy the *Short Bow* and 60 *Standard Arrows* from Greirat.
- Level *Dexterity* to 12, then level up *Vigour*. If it's hit 40, stop levelling it and do *Endurance* instead.
- Burn the *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Warp to the *High Wall of Lothric* bonfire.
- Shoot the dragon with arrows until he flies away and drops you a *Large Titanite Shard*.
- Grab the soul items and warp back to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Sell the soul items and upgrade the sword to *Raw Astora Sword +5*.
- Buy some *Alluring Skulls* if you have change.
- Warp to *Cleansing Chapel*.
- Rescue *Siegward* from the Well, then warp to *Rosaria's Chamber*.
- Kill the *Deacons of the Deep*. Fight as normal in the first phase, in the second buff with a *Gold Pine Resin* then throw an *Alluring Skull* and kill the main dude when the others are distracted.
- Grab the *Archdeacon set*.
- Warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Sell the Deacon's soul
- Buy a *Gold Pine Resin*.
- Level *Vigour* if less than 40, else level *Endurance*
- Warp to *Farron Keep*.
- Put on the best curse resist gear.
- Use the quickstep from the dagger to get past the basilisks and run up the ramp, killing the jumping ghru.
- Extinguish the last flame, cure your poison, kill *Yellowfinger Heysel* and homeward bone back to *Farron Keep*.
- Warp to *Keep Ruins*, then run to *Farron Keep Perimeter* and light it.
- Kill the *Abyss Watchers* using the *Gold Pine Resin*.

### Catacombs of Carthus

- Grab the 2 x *Carthus Rouge*.
- Head back the other way and drop down.
- Kill the hat-wearing skeleton and pick up the *Undead Bone Shard* the ball of skeletons drops.
- Run to the bonfire and light it. Don't rest if you don't have to.
- Grab the *Grave Warden Ashes*.
- Cut down the bridge, and go down it.
- Run to the *Abandoned Tomb* bonfire, light it and rest.
- Pick up the three *Large Titanite Shards* then go in to the cave.
- Kill the two crystal lizards for a *Twinkling Titanite* and a *Titanite Chunk*, grab the two *Large Titanite Shards* and the *Yellow Bug Pellets*.
- Run to the *Demon Ruins* bonfire, picking up the *Shield of Want*, *Speckled Stoneplate Ring* and a *Large Titanite Shard* on the way.
- Warp to *Firelink Shrine*.
- Sell all soul items, including boss souls.
- Hand in the *Grave Warden Ashes*.
- Buy a *Gold Pine Resin*.
- Upgrade your sword to *Raw Astora Sword +7*.
- Level up *Vigour* if less than 40 or if *Endurance* has hit 30, otherwise level *Endurance*.
- Warp to *Road of Sacrifices*, take the elevator up and kill the Fire Demon. Grab the *Choranthy Ring* on the way down and run to the *Pit of Hollows* bonfire.
- Warp to *Catacombs of Carthus*.
- Kill *High Lord Wolnir* with a *Gold Pine Resin*.

### Irithyll of the Boreal Valley

- Kill Sulyvahn's Beast (carefully) and rest at the bonfire.
- Warp back to the *Irithyll of the Boreal Valley* bonfire, and do Sirris' quest.
- Warp to Firelink Shrine and get the *Silvercat Ring* and warp back.
- **[Potential Danger]** Run to the *Church of Yorshka* bonfire.
- Backtrack slowly to kill the Crystal Lizard for a *Twinkling Titanite*.
- Kill Creighton.
- Get the *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Get the *Twinkling Titanite* behind the illusory wall.
- Go to the *Distant Manor* bonfire
- Grab the ashes, Talk to *Siegward of Catarina*.
- Backtrack to the bonfire
- Run through Irithyll Dungeon, grabbing the *Xanthous Ashes* on the way, and using an *Undead Hunter Charm* on the mimic for an *Estus Shard*.
- Run to *Profaned Capital*, light the bonfire and grab the *Undead Bone Shard*.
- Run to Yhorm, grab storm ruler and homeward out.
- Kill Yhorm. Warp to Firelink.
- Buy a couple of *Human Pine Resins*.
- Level up as usual.
- Burn the *Undead Bone Shard*, upgrade the estus.
- Make sure you have ~20 Firebombs.
- **Talk to Anri!**

## Phase III: Getting tougher

This phase has some tougher bosses in. It's also where we switch to a luck based build for a better AR and bleed stats. It's fairly short and takes around 30 minutes.

- Warp to *Vordt of the Boreal Valley* bonfire.
- Start the Dancer fight, homeward out, then restart the fight. I just seem to handle it better that way. Use a *Human Pine Resin* for extra damage.
- Run to the *Lothric Castle* bonfire, (*Alluring Skulls* help here) and light it.
- Drop down, kill the big knight and get the *Estus Shard* in the Consumed King's Garden. Homeward out.
- Run to the *Dragon Barracks* bonfire.
- Warp back to Firelink Shrine and level up.
- Warp back to Dragon Barracks, run over the bridge and drop down on the opposite side for the *Undead Bone Shard*. Run back to the bonfire, past the thieves, and grab the soul item on the way.
- Run round the other side, up the stairs, open the short cut and kill the dragon with firebombs.
- Run out the back, kill a crystal lizard for two *Twinkling Titanites*.
- Warp to *Profaned Capital*, rescue Siegward for a *Titanite Slab*, killing the two crystal lizards on the way for another two *Twinkling Titanites*. Homeward out
- Warp to *Abyss Watchers*, drop down on the right, kill the hat-wearing skeleton so we can go safely up the stairs.
- Kill *Anri* and the crystal lizard outside where they are for another *Twinkling Titanite*. Homeward to Firelink.
- Upgrade *Anri's Straight Sword* fully.
- Make sure you have a *Gold Pine Resin* and a *Blue Bug Pellet*.
- Warp to *Rosaria's Chamber*, join the covenant and reallocate stats to  *Vigour*: 40, *Dexterity*: 11, *Luck*: 30 and the rest in *Endurance*.
- _Optional_: Kill *Old Demon King*. You should get enough souls for one or two levels.

## Phase III: Final Push

This phase is a boss rush, with a bit of levelling up. We have all the items we need though so we don't need to worry about that.

- Warp to *Distant Manor* and open up the short cut to Pontiff. You'll need to kill *Londor Pale Shade* on the way, it's best not to aggro the dogs before this and fight them at the bottom of the stairs.
- Kill Pontiff with parries and a *Gold Pine Resin*.
- Kill Aldrich with magic resistant gear, a *Blue Bug Pellet*, and some *Carthus Rouge*.
- Level up *Luck*.
- Kill Dragonslayer Armour using the Drang set, and a *Yellow Bug Pellet*.
- Use a *Carthus Rouge* to kill the second Crystal Sage.
- Grab the *Undead Bone Shard* near the top of the archives.
- Open the short cut, trigger the *Twin Princes* fight and homeward out.
- Level up *Luck* to 40 then level *Endurance*.
- Stay near the fog wall, buff with *Carthus Rouge* and take out the *Twin Princes*.
- Kill Soul of Cinder with a *Carthus Rouge* in the first phase, *Human Pine Resin* in the second.

## THE END!
